Your pockets aren't empty.
Damn.
I'll take my cutter back.
Stupid ass.
Hey, man, I figured you
had like 12 or 13 of these.
You're not too bright,
are you?
Just get out of here.
Get out of here.
Same old Rome doing
the same old stupid shit.
Get off me, man.
Look, running your mouth?
Insulting people?
Stealing Verone's shit?
You think I'm gonna let
somebody stare me down?
I didn't let nobody
stare me down in
jail, homeboy.
You think I'm gonna
let it fly on a beach?
"And you,
I'll take my cutter back."
His rich ass.
And you're packing.
Like you ain't.
Exactly.
From here on out,
I do the talking.
You want to do
more than that.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means you're always
getting in trouble
over a female, Brian.